h1. yertwitter

A javascript object for displaying and customizing twitter timelines.
Corrupting changes still may ahead!

h2. Roadmap

* link for reply
* link for favorits
* link for retweets

* [done] enable order of tweet contents
* [done] displaying a timeline

Just ask me for your needs at mail@johannheyne.de or create a new issue.

h2. Setup

load the yertwitter.js
Place a container with an id in your html-template, where the timeline should be inserted.
<pre><code><div id="my-twitter-timeline"></div>
</code></pre>

Copy the yerTwitter object to an individuel variable an configurate the basics for the timeline.
<pre><code>var mytwitter = yerTwitter;
mytwitter.timeline({
    selector: '#my-twitter-timeline',
    screen_name: 'johannheyne',
    count: 6,
    show_in_order: {
        text: 0,
        created_at: 1,
    }
});
</code></pre>

*selector*
<em>(string)</em> Define the id of the element, where the timeline shoul be insert.

*screen_name*
<em>(string)</em> Define the screen_name of a twitter user.

*count*
<em>(integer)</em> Define the number of tweets to display.

*lang*
<em>(string) en, de</em> Define the language of some predefined text-snippets like weekdays in the date.

*root_class*
<em>(string)</em> Define a class for the root element of the tweets list.

*tweet_class*
<em>(string)</em> Define a class for the tweet listitems.


*twitter_link_text*
<em>(string)</em> Define the text of the twitterlink.

*created_at_type*
<em>(string) relative, date</em> Define the type of displaying the created at date.

*show_in_order*
<em>(array)</em> Define, what content of a tweet should displayed and in what order.
* text
* created_at
* twitter_link
* profile_image
* screen_name

*twitter_link_text*
<em>(string)</em> Defining the text of the twitter-link.

